1. empty object - has nothing to do with anything other than undefined
   null - when a function or method doesnt have any object to return. Null and undefined are non-type
   equivalent 
   undefined - when a variable doesnt have a value, neither null nor undefined exactly 
               mean theres something wrong. 
   NaN - Not a number but represents all numbers that cant be represented in JS.  
   infinity - represents all numbers that you can represent (why infi - infi = NaN).
   [] - an empty array is true.
   {} - just an empty set.  
2. undefined - undefined is a value and has a type of undefined. Undefined is basically a placeholder.
   NaN - NaN is all the numbers that arent able to be represented and doesnt have a value but is of 
         type number. 
3.  NaN isn’t equal to anything, no number no value it is just a representation, therefore NaN is 
    not equal to itself. 10 / 0 = infinity  
4. NaN - NaN is of type number 
   Infinity - Infinity = NaN
   null - type object 
5. If JS is trying to compare strings and numbers together, it will convert the string to a number 
   and if the string isnt convertable it will convert to NaN. if you have any other 2 types they will
   be converted to numbers. Booleans to 0 and 1. Undefined and Null are "no values" and are therefore equal.
   You can get strict with equality using === (same type and value).
6. Yes, there is !=== comparing inequality between the type AND the value.
7. var num =  Number("insert number here");
8. undefined, 0, null, NaN, and "" are all falsey, this means that everything else is truthy. Truthy and 
   falsey are used in conditional tests and could be seen as almost true or almost false since JS is 
   loose on these definitions. 
9.  with JavaScript you can create a string that is a primitive, and you can also create one that is an 
    object. This is done when using a method and the code needs a string object to do something with it.
    This is all done by JS. (also when using other object string properties very useful)
10. === Compares object references and returns true if they are the same and false otherwise.

