1. "You can pass pretty much any JavaScript value as an argument, like a
   string, a boolean, or a number", variables, and expressions. 
2. Each argument is copied into the parameter variable. That basically means
   the argument and parameter are a "bucket" that takes a copy of arg and gives 
   it to the param (they can both be named differently).
3. The return statement includes a value or an expression, which is returned 
   as a result of calling the function.
4. A function without a return statement returns undefined.
5. Global variables are accessible everywhere in a program declared outside
   any function while local variables are delclared inside a function and only 
   accessible in that scope.
6. It gets created in the global object as a global variable
7. argument - a value, var, or staement that is passed to a function. 
   parameter -  defined in the function definition are ussually vars that 
                hold the arguments and are used in a function.
   scope - a scope is seperated by curly brackets and anything inside is ran together.
           Vars declared inside the scope cannot be used outside of it
   function - a function has to be declared with "function" and a name
              with or without parameters. Everything inside the function is ran when
              the function is called
   function call - what is used to run a function. uses arguments set in it as the
                   parameters for the function
   built-in functions - functions already set inside of the Javascript language such as
                        the Math, alert, prompt, and console.log you cant write yourself
   code reuse - using the same function many times by calling it more than once could be 
                with multiple parameters
8. define - var defArr = array;
   create - var array = new array();
   allocate - array[1] = 4;
   initialize - var array = [elem,...]; or var emptyArr = [];
   use - var arrayElemTwo = array[1]; var arrayLen = array.length;
9. No, they don't have to be the same type.
10. Function calls dont have to have the same amount of arguments as the parameters for the function.
    if too many arguments are passed extras will be ignored.


